examples/index.md, before:

# Examples Directory

Welcome to the examples directory for the `social_signals` package. Here you'll find a collection of scripts and applications that demonstrate the capabilities of the package and provide insight into how it can be utilized in various scenarios.

## Available Examples

- [`gdelt_example.py`](gdelt_example.py): Shows how to set up a data connector and fetch data from source GDELT.
- [`x_example.py`](x_example.py): Shows how to set up a data connector and fetch data from source X.
- [`wikipedia_example.py`](wikipedia_example.py): Shows how to fetch data from source Wikipedia.

## Prerequisites

Before running the examples, make sure you have:

- Poetry installed on your machine
- An active internet connection
- Any necessary API keys or authentication tokens

## Running the Examples

To run the examples, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository (if you haven't already):
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo/social_signals.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the examples directory:
   ```bash
   cd social_signals/examples
   ```
3. Install dependencies using Poetry:
   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```
4. Run an example script:
   ```bash
   poetry run python example_one.py
   ```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, please ensure that all prerequisites are met. Check that your environment variables are set correctly, and that you have the correct permissions for any API keys.

## Feedback and Contributions

Your feedback is invaluable to us. If you have suggestions or find an issue, please open an issue on our GitHub repository. Additionally, contributions to our examples are always welcome!

Commit message:

add noaa_example and comments

examples/index.md, after:

# Examples Directory

Welcome to the examples directory for the `social_signals` package. Here you'll find a collection of scripts and applications that demonstrate the capabilities of the package and provide insight into how it can be utilized in various scenarios.

## Available Examples

- [`gdelt_example.py`](gdelt_example.py): Shows how to set up a data connector and fetch data from source GDELT.
- [`x_example.py`](x_example.py): Shows how to set up a data connector and fetch data from source X.
- [`wikipedia_example.py`](wikipedia_example.py): Shows how to fetch data from source Wikipedia.
- [`noaa_example.py`](noaa_example.py): Shows how to fetch data from source NOAA.

## Prerequisites

Before running the examples, make sure you have:

- Poetry installed on your machine
- An active internet connection
- Any necessary API keys or authentication tokens

## Running the Examples

To run the examples, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository (if you haven't already):
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo/social_signals.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the examples directory:
   ```bash
   cd social_signals/examples
   ```
3. Install dependencies using Poetry:
   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```
4. Run an example script:
   ```bash
   poetry run python example_one.py
   ```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, please ensure that all prerequisites are met. Check that your environment variables are set correctly, and that you have the correct permissions for any API keys.

## Feedback and Contributions

Your feedback is invaluable to us. If you have suggestions or find an issue, please open an issue on our GitHub repository. Additionally, contributions to our examples are always welcome!
